		Project Scruf.

		    What.

This is a "just for fun" project aiming at converting plain text
documents to html web pages. We are are focusing on producing
fundamental and simple web-pages which are clean, yet simple, we will
be using CSS to ease down on the design and the format of the web-pages
that are produced by the program.

The plain text document will contain mark-ups that are to frilled by
the user for the program to identify different elements of the
document. For instance, a <h2> heading should be surrounded by the
'==', as it is evident, the number of equals sign (=) is equal to the
heading number, a <h4> heading should be surrounded '===='. 


		An illustration.

	  a marked-up plain text document.


== heading two ==

this is paragraph *one*.

this is paragraph _three_.

Do you know how to /count/ ?.

       the html-converted plain text document.

<html>
<body>
  <p>this is paragraph <b>one</b>. </p>

  <p>this is paragraph <u>three</u> </p>

  <p>Do you know how to <i>count</i>

</body>
</html>
	

<!-- As it is evident from the above html snippet that the paragraphs
are surrounded by the <p> tag, words surrounded by a '*' is made bold,
words surrounded by the '_' is underlined, words surrounded by '/' is
italized. The role of our conversion program will be to identify these
mark-ups ind the plain text document and according produce to needed
html tag for that mark up. -->

     	 		    Why.

So why should we write a html conversion program from the scratch when
we have awesome suites like WordPress and the like. Why re-invent the
wheel ?.

Here are few reasons by we desire to write from scratch :

     * If we have to adapt or modify an already existing converter, we
       need to bunch of source files before we can even start thinking
       about how to adapt it. It takes a lot of time to adapt
       specifically to our needs.

     * This project aims to project a very very simple, clean and
       small blogging program which can cater to the user without
       the need MySQL, PHP or other complex programs.

     * We didn't start this project without a purpose, siddharth
       wishes to exploit the html converter to host his verbal rambles
       on his web site. 

			  How.

How are we going to crunch this project ?. What follows gives some
details about the project.			  

			Platform

The program will be compatible on GNU/Linux machines. We don't have
plans to have support for Windows/ Mac OSX machines.

    	    	    Programming Language.

The suite will be written in the (filthy) Java programming
language. OpenJDK 6.0 will be used for compiling the programs.

	  	    Cascading Style Sheets.

The project will also write simple and clean stylesheets for properly
formatting and frilling the html documents that are produced by the
programs.
			Documentation.

A minimalistic documentation to learn the mark-ups will be made
available for the user to start writing marked-up plain text documents
ready for html conversion.
			
			  Who

	Who is behind this project anyway ?.


	 * Sury Narayanan : He will responsible for writing
           stylesheet to decorate the html docs.

	 * Saravana Bharathy : He will writing the documentation for
           the mark-ups for the plain text document.   

	 * Siddharth : He will be writing code for the project and he
           will be the first user of the html converter.  
	   		  

		        Licensing.

All programs written under the project scruf will be licensed under
the GNU General Public License v3 or later.		    
		    
		    
		    